I used to have nothing
come on I got this job this family
but nothing lasts forever heard you had
to leave in a hurry
it's never easy these days
so what are you going to do I've lived a
lot of lives but I'm done running from
my past
[Music]
and now you're out there I know you know
I'm out here so we gonna talk like
grown-ups is that what we are
[Music]
it's good to see - says what brings you
home
we have unfinished business
[Music]
we have to go back to where it all
started lucky us
one thing's for sure gonna be a hell of
a reunion
[Music]
I'm still family back together again you
got fat
[Music]
it is ordered adjudged and decreed that
Walter McMillian is to face death by
electrocution it's my dad sir sit down
young man John would you sit down they
do nothing wrong please judge hold on
one second I won't say it again
sit down not even you're gonna kill my
dad for no reason
they convicted an innocent man
[Music]
I was always taught to fight for the
people who need to help the most you
don't know what it is here they ain't
got no evidence how many of you all were
with Walter that morning
you in quit me no sir we are which I
want my son girl knowing his mom stop
doing what was right just because she
was scared I think we could build a case
strong enough to bring him home and I'm
not gonna stop until I've done that
present it to her
[Applause]
your life is still meaningful and I'm
gonna do everything possible to keep
definitely taking it do you know why the
Phoenix sits on the right hand at the
Opera she is his guardian his protector
does she's both beautiful and strong
your job is to bring honor to the family
do you think you can do that
citizens we are under attack from Roman
invaders their leader calls himself
Horicon fights alongside of which no
survivors
by Edict of his imperial majesty every
family must contribute one love to fight
a few no son I am blessed with two
daughters I will fight
we must be strong
this time he will not return loyal brave
and true it is my duty to protect my
family
[Music]
ancestors please protect her
what is your name soldier watch you in
commander son of HA Joe we're gonna make
men out of every single one of you
lose again
the spirits is evident as something
holds you back
when they find out who you are they will
show you no mercy
[Music]
I'm Hamelin I will bring honor to us all
operation Abilene was one of the
bloodiest battles of the Vietnam War
entire company nearly wiped out right
from miracle Lord came his name is Pitts
it saved lives we put him up for the
Medal of Honor they never got the medal
justice delayed is justice denied the
Medal of Honor is the highest
recognition of military valor there is
you'll prepare a full decorations review
mr. Fitz and Barker sir I've run the
Department of Defense I'm here to learn
about your son if you want the real
story
you'll need to talk to the mud soldiers
I've never seen those men like that hit
some punk comes down that why I say he's
mad he never even knew it sounds like a
suicide mission
suicide is hopeless puts embargo Devil's
Fowler kept telling him to get out where
you wouldn't go
it was there to save lives and that's
what he was doing
why are you here because you're here now
I shouldn't even have been there gonna
be sure what are you saying that's
friendly fire
we're fighting our own man
After Action report is missing we even
thought up operation a plane in the
first place it's not a can of worms you
won't open why not
information was removed from the
original review you an idea of your
starting I have never seen you back off
of anything usually we're judged by what
we do but what we don't do in what
haunts us I'm gonna go public with the
story sounds a little dangerous but only
great television getting a medal for
Pitts four men our loss might be the
only decent thing I pulled out of that
war but some are his father it's done
dying isn't harder than losing our child
do what you can
guys like pittsenbarger to what they do
for each other life or a life I need to
finish this
compressed masses you man and show us
that the sacrifices of the Fallen will
never be forgotten
[Music]
why would i betray we all have our
secrets you just didn't get to yours yet
the world is arming faster than we can
respond
where's double-oh-seven
I need a favor brother you're the only
one I trust for this
the world's moved on commander bond if
you would double over two years so stay
in your lane you getting run away I will
put a bullet in your knee
[Music]
one that works that's what you two would
get along named Vonda
James Bond so you're not dead
hello Q I missed you
it's the most valuable asset this
country has if you feel yourself losing
control I'm not gonna lose
control
James you gave up everything for her
when our secret finds its way out
they'll be the death of him
what is it you don't know what this is
James Bond license to kid history of
violence I could be speaking to my own
reflection only your skills die with her
body mine will survive long after I'm
gone history isn't kind to men who play
God
[Music]
welcome have a seat whatever is going on
you can tell me that's what I'm here for
you're relatively new to the company I
mean I've been working here for nearly
two months did you're under a lot of
stress entry-level jobs in this industry
a tough right long hours first one in
last one out good night
you're smart you have to be smart it's a
tough job but I can see that you've got
what it takes
I want those new page before I get on
class he promised the first day where we
got 200k into quiet eyes maybe you can
put in a good word for you know how our
externally listen his schedule is
shifted to 7:00 p.m. work what is this a
turkey I said chicken there's a call
waiting over she's been here before a
few times what is it
the wife say he's an important meal so
he's in the screening I overreacted it
was not my place to question your
decision I will not let you down again
you know you can always come to us right
come to us first okay
the last two checks don't have a name or
anything just a dollar man ignoring okay
and well you know what it's for I
wouldn't sit there never sit on the
couch here and here initial here sign
there do I need an earlier or something
do you have a lawyer I was worried for
this girl I mean they were just like
laughing about it
can you deal with this hi why me
who is that about most of my time
[Music]
what can we do
about what
it has been confirmed this morning that
a Gulfstream 650 aircraft crashed into
the ocean near the 12 apostles search
and rescue aircraft located floating
wreckage this afternoon no survivors
have been located four times I'm
concerned our company is facing some
exposure what expression
[Music]
we'll say no sorry thought that you were
seen your face
[Music]
you two Yahoo's Mirman Kyra Dupuy
Escriva
a bodily Bastien dopa regress
Moines TOEFL is a large Jewish mob
roster safley monkeys are infinite
homage David and kangaroo dagger ever
placed is called Julian books inside her
Sigma if resume I'm a man on food you
tel Aviv Yuja
oh boy both days no Commission we're huh
okay follow me more
vanaroja introduce : books Simpson you
curious
Lukas cyber galaki still certain
statistical long rocky basic university'
mention stereos in contract without to
which startled by daniel ghana
good talk it's a paris oh stop arrest
you scarce a treatment right without
don't feel it so much my cheek Kyra dijo
que llamamos DNA semen Rebecca's parents
give us a vote job resume
pequeos in contrary much prefer for mr.
Kazu
[Music]